<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en"><pre><![CDATA[

                         **Asset management**
The Nightingales game engine

# Concepts

*A blob* is a sequence of bytes. Blobs are identified by UUIDs.

*Chunks* are the loading unit of assets and each chunk includes one or more blobs. Similarly to blobs, chunks are identified by UUIDs.

# Operations

## Loading chunks

Chunk loading is initiated by one of the following actions: (i) The loader is instructed to load a chunk explicitly by specifying its GUID (*explicit load*). (ii) The application attempts to acccess a blob which is not included in any currently-loadded chunks (*implicit load*).

Explicit chunk load is used when resources to be used are known beforehand. For example, a chunk containing the lowest LOD meshes in a game level could be loaded explicitly via the level's metadata.

On the other hand, implict chunk load happens whenever access to a blob which is currently not loaded is requested. The loader uses *blob indexes* to locate the chunk where a blob is located.

A chunk is represented as a single file on a filesystem. Other loading methods can be supported as well.

A chunk is unloaded when its reference count reaches zero.

## Data compression

Data compression can be enabled on a per-blob and/or per-chunk basis.

## Ephemeral blob

The application create a nonce blob from data on memory so that it can be used with an API designed to accept blob UUIDs.

# Examples

## Graphics

Mesh metadata
:   Includes references to other blobs.
    Can be unloaded as soon as they are converted to the internal representation.

Mesh verticies
:   Unloaded as soon as they are uploaded to VRAM.
    The lowest LOD and the rest could be stored in two separate chunks.

Materials
:   Can be unloaded as soon as they are converted to the internal representation.

Textures
:   Unloaded as soon as they are uploaded to VRAM.

Animation data
:   blah

Stygian terrain
:   Streamed load might be desirable.

]]></pre> <!-- Foremark footer -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/foremark/browser/foremark.js" async="async" /></html>